
=== PAGE 1 ===
1
RULEBOOK

=== PAGE 2 ===
2
A GAme  by  JAcques  b Ariot  And  Guill Aume  m ontiAGe ,  
illustr Ated  by  Pierre  s Ant AmAriA ,  PAsc Al  q uidA ult ,  e mile  d enis  And  m ehdi  b oukhezzer ,
for  2 to  6 Pl Ayers ,  AGes  14+.  GAme  dur Ation : 90 minutes
In the mythical age of ancient Egypt, powerful gods deploy their forces into battles for dominance of the land! Deep in the vast desert, and in the shadows 
of enormous temples, they use their many powers to build their armies, summon mythological creatures, and obtain victory. The goal of these battles is to 
crush all rival gods, and through the resulting fame, win the eternal devotion of the people of Egypt!
Kemet may be played in three modes: Classic,  Teams,  or Solo.  In all cases,  each player takes control of an Egyptian god: Anubis,  Bastet,  
Horus,  Ouadjet,  Sobek,  or Seth,  as they struggle for power using armies from their faction.
The following rules apply to the Classic Mode,  which may be played up to 6 players.  The other modes follow most of these rules.
The Team Mode allows players to fight in 2 or 3-player teams.  The Solo mode is played against a virtual opponent called Amon.
The module Gods of Egypt gives you the opportunity to play your God on the board.
1 - COMPONENTS
Common components:
• 1 Kemet board
• 96 Power tiles in 6 colors 
(16 Ruby,  16 Sapphire,  16 Diamond,  16 Onyx,  16 Amethyst,  
1- Amber)
• 13 Creature miniatures
• 6 Mercenary miniatures
• 38 Divine Intervention cards
• 3 Special Battle cards
• 1 Score board (Score track and Turn order track)
• 80 Fame point tokens (20 round,  60 square)
• 20 Veteran tokens (scarab icon)
• 2 Storm tiles
• 5 silver Action tokens
Components for each player (in 6 colors):
• 12 Unit miniatures
• 5 Action tokens in their color and 1 gold Action token
• 1 Player board
• 1 Statue token
• 1 Prayer marker
• 1 Order marker
• 8 Battle cards
• 3 Pyramids in 3 parts each
• 5 Pyramid tops in 5 colors 
(Ruby,  Sapphire,  Diamond,  Onyx,  Amethyst)
• 5 Acquire tokens in 5 colors
• 1 Divine Intervention card “Assemble”  (Team Mode)
• 1 Player aid for Divine Intervention cards and Power tiles
2 players 4 players 5 players 6 players3 players
Note: In each of these player-dependent configurations,  
the gray portions of the game board and those covered by 
Storm tiles are not used in the game.
Districts:
The 3 zones inside of each City.
The Sanctuary:
The zone containing 
this building.
The Kemet board consists of the following zone types:
Temples:
Zones containing 1 of the 3 buildings shown below:.
Note: Component illustrations are on pages 3-5.
Use the configuration corresponding to the number of players:
Temple of the Delta Temple Temple
OVERVIEW
1.1 The Kemet board


=== PAGE 3 ===
3
1
2
2
+ + 22
2
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4
Note: A Pyramid in your supply is considered to be Level 0.
Card effect 
(see Player aid)
Level: shows the tile’s Level,  color 
(Ruby,  Sapphire,  Diamond,  Onyx,  or 
Amethyst) 
and cost (1 to 4 Prayer Points)
Icon that shows when 
the DI card may be 
played
Shield value
Damage value
Unblockable Damage value
Strength value
Player color
Tile effect 
(see Player aid)
Cost in Prayer Points,  
if any,  required when 
playing the DI card
 
(some DI cards are 
frees,  other ask to spend 
Prayer Points to trigger 
their effect)
Power tile type
Every zone is outlined by either a white line,  the Nile,  or the edge 
of the Kemet board,  except for Districts,  which are each outlined 
by a Wall.
The Nile is the blue boundary crossing the Kemet board.  
Any zones separated by the Nile are said bordering the Nile and 
are not adjacent to each other.
Any zones covered by a Storm tile are not considered to be in play 
and cannot be crossed.
Some zones may contain a Harbor or an Obelisk,  which affect 
movement.
Deserts:
Any zones that do not contain a City,  nor a building 
(The Sanctuary,  or a Temple).
Ports:
Trading port 
(blue)
Military port 
(red)
Obelisk zone
Obelisks:
Acquire tokens
1.2 Player boards
Move
Recruit
Pray
Prayer track
Build
Divine 
Power
Floor 1
Floor 2
Floor 3
The 3 zones in the top center of the Kemet 
board are called the Delta : the Temple zone in 
the Delta,  the Desert zone in the Delta,  and the 
Sanctuary.
1.3 Power tiles
1.4 Divine Intervention cards (DI)
1.5 Battle cards
1.6 Pyramid Levels
Note: When you build a Pyramid of a new color in your City,  
place an Acquire token of the corresponding color in the empty 
Acquire space.  (see section 3.4.2,  p.6).
Ruby
Sapphire
Diamond
Onyx
Emerald
Amethyst
Amber
Acquire 
space


=== PAGE 4 ===
4
Power tile colors and number based on player count:
• 2 players → 2 colors,  26 Power tiles*,
• 3 players → 3 colors,  48 Power tiles,
• 4 players → 3 colors,  48 Power tiles,
• 5 players → 4 colors,  64 Power tiles,
• 6 players → 5 colors,  80 Power tiles.
* In 2-player games,  in each Power tile color remove the 
following:
 » the Power tiles “Act Of God”,
 » 1 copy of each Power tile with a duplicate,  so there is only 1 of 
each Power tile.
Return all unused Power tiles to the box.
Note : If you own the Game Up: Obelisks,  you may place 
the Obelisk miniatures on every zone containing an Obelisk.  
These are only cosmetic but they help you identify where 
you may teleport your Troops.
Statue 
token
Divine FP
1
2
7
5
8
9
10 20
14
11
15
16
21
Order 
marker
Acquire token not placed, 
the player has placed only 
2 Pyramids
13
12
12
24
1
2 - SETUP
1 . Place the Kemet board in the center of the play area and use 
the configuration that corresponds to the player count,  some 
require to place Storm tiles.
2 . Place the Score board on top of the Kemet board.
3 . Randomly select the colors of the Power tiles to use,  based on 
the player count (see the table below).
4 . Place all of the Power tiles in the selected colors face up next 
to the Kemet board sorted by color in ascending order by 
Level.
5 . Place the Special Battle cards at the top of the Kemet board.
6 . Place each Creature miniature on its corresponding Power 
tile.
7 . Place 1 Temple FP token (beige and blue,  round) on every 
Temple used in the game based on the player count.  Return 
the remaining ones to the box.
8 . Place the remaining FP tokens,  the Silver Action tokens,  and 
the Veteran tokens in the Bank.
9 . Shuffle and place face down the Divine Intervention cards 
next to the board to create the DI deck.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
GAME UP: Renewal - During the Common Setup step (2.1),  set 
aside the Level 3 Power tiles “Domination”  from each of the 
selected Pyramid colors for that game.  For each Pyramid color,  
take the Power tile “Domination”  you previously set aside and 
shuffle if with the Renewal Power tiles from the corresponding 
color,  and draw 1 of these tiles at random you place in the 
empty space dedicated to the Power tile “Domination” .
2.1 Common Setup
3
4
Setup example for a 4-player game

=== PAGE 5 ===
5
1.  Start of game turn order
One player takes the Order marker of each player and randomly 
places them on the Turn Order track from left to right.
The player whose Order marker is on the left will be the 1st player.
2.  Troop placement
Each player chooses 2 Districts in their City and places 5 Units in 
both of them,  and then places their remaining 2 Units in their Supply.
3.  Pyramid Setup
In turn order,  each player resolves the following steps:
3.1. They place a total of 3 Levels of Pyramids from their supply 
into Districts in their City.  No more than 2 Levels can be 
added to a single District at this time (either 1/1/1,  or 2/1/0).  
They choose the color of their Pyramids by placing the 
corresponding pyramid tops with their tip in the hole.
3.2. They place an Acquire token in each color corresponding to 
these Pyramids on an empty Acquire space on their Player 
board.  Any Level 0 Pyramid stays in their Supply,  it is not 
considered to be in play and has no color.
4.  Acquiring a Level 1 Power Tile
In reverse turn order,  each player chooses a Level 1 Power tile 
corresponding to the color of 1 of their Pyramids and places it in 
front of them.
21
22
23
24
Note: FP won by a player are placed on the Score board in 
the row of their God at the end of their turn.
Any lost Pyramid FP is taken by the opponent who takes  
control of the District containing the corresponding Pyramid.
Any lost Temple FP is either taken by the opponent who 
takes control of the zone containing the corresponding  
Temple,  or placed back in that zone if nobody controls it.
+ + 22
  +2+2
Diversion 
card
18
Prayer 
marker
Divine FP Battle FP Pyramid FP Veteran 
token
Silver 
Action 
token
1
14
19
22
17
23
Temple FP
8
12
22
2 - SETUP
1 . Each player chooses a color and a City from the Kemet board. 
They place their Statue token in front of that City.  That City and 
its Districts will be the one for their faction for the whole game.
2 . Each player takes the following components in their color:
• 1 Player board depicting their God and their pyramid,
• The Acquire tokens corresponding to the colors of Power tiles 
selected (section 2.1),
• 1 Order marker,
• 1 Prayer marker they place on the ‘7’  space of the Prayer track 
on their Player board,
• 5 Action tokens in their color and 1 gold Action token,
• 12 Unit miniatures (each miniature constitutes 1 Unit),
• 8 Battle cards,
• 1 Divine Intervention “Diversion”  card.
3 . Each player draws 2 DI cards.
4 . Each player takes in 3 copies (2 copies in a 2-player game) the 
parts from the first 3 Pyramid Levels and the tops corresponding 
to the Power tile colors in game.
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
2.2 Individual Setup
2.3 Before starting to play
6
23


=== PAGE 6 ===
6
Note: A glossary can be found on p.11 with all of the keywords 
and icons used in Kemet: Blood and Sand. 
A game of Kemet: Blood and Sand is played over a series of Rounds.  
Each Round consists of one Day Phase,  followed by one Night 
Phase.
Day Phase (player actions)
In turn order,  each player becomes the active player and plays 
1 Action token of their color and resolves its effect.  Continue turn 
after turn until each player has placed all 5 of the Action tokens of 
their color,  at which point the Day Phase is over.
Night Phase (resolution)
The Night Phase is divided into 9 steps which are resolved in order 
and completely before moving to the next one.
During these steps,  Night Phase Powers activate,  Divine 
Intervention (DI) cards are allocated,  and Fame Points (FP) and 
Prayer Points (PP) are awarded.
Permanent FP and Temporary FP
Throughout the game,  players gain FP:
• Permanent FP are square tokens and cannot be lost.  They 
are gained in Battles,  when acquiring specific Power tiles,  or 
during the Night Phase by controlling at least 2 Temples or The 
Sanctuary.
• Temporary FP are round tokens and may be lost.  A Temporary FP is 
gained by a player when they take control of a Temple (beige and blue), 
or a Level 4 Pyramid (beige),  that FP is taken from the Kemet board,  the 
Bank,  or from the opponent who was owning that FP .
Effects
The game is a series of effects played along the Rounds: your 
actions generate effects,  as well as played DI cards,  and Power tiles 
you activate.
An effect is the resolution of an action,  a Battle step,  a Night Phase 
step,  a DI card,  a Power tile,  or an effect triggered by another effect.
A triggered effect showing  ‘+ <number of PP>’  is not considered as 
an effect on its own,  it is just a modifier: its value is added to the 
triggering effect.
An effect termed single effect is the sum of multiple effects in one 
effect and counting as one resolution.
An effect is mandatory unless the effect description clearly 
indicates that this is a possibility.
Order of Rules Precedence
If two effects contradict each other,  the effect with the highest 
priority (highest number) takes precedence:
5) DI card > 4) Power tile > 3) Expansion rules 
> 2) module rules > 1) base game rules.
If a player has at least 9 FP (sum of their Temporary FP and 
Permanent FP) at the start their turn,  before playing ANY 
Action token,  and no other player has more FP than them,  they 
immediately win the game.
Temple FPDivine FP Battle FP
Permanent FP Temporary FP
Pyramid FP
3 - GAMEPLAY
Note: This means this player already had the required 
amount of FP to win the game after having played their 
previous action,  each opponent being able to play 1 
action to respond (in most cases).
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Game End


=== PAGE 7 ===
7
At the beginning of the Day Phase,  the 1st player is the active player.
The active player resolves the following steps in order:
1 . They place 1 Action token of their color on an empty Action 
space of their Player board observing the Equilibrium rule 
(described below) ,  and they immediately resolve the selected 
action’s effect.  In addition to the Action token in their color,  
they may also play 1 silver Action token and/or 1 gold Action 
token (described below) if they have any.
They may play DI cards with a DAY icon during their turn 
before or after an action,  and not during a Battle.  A DI card 
played that way is resolved,  then discarded.
2 . The player places the FP they won during this turn on their 
Score track.
3 . The next player in turn order becomes the active player and 
plays their turn starting from step 1.  If no player has any Action 
tokens in their color to place,  resolve the Night Phase.
Equilibrium rule
At the end of Day Phase,  each player must have at least 1 Action 
token (no matter their color) on each of the 3 floors of the pyramid 
on their Player board (see Player boards,  p.3).
Playing Silver and Gold Action tokens
Play these Action tokens at the same time you play an Action 
token in your color to receive 1 or 2 bonus actions.  You choose 
in which order to resolve your actions,  but each action must be 
completely resolved before moving onto the next one.  An action 
may be chosen even if it cannot be resolved at the time you place 
an Action token on it.  If an action may eventually not be resolved,  
it is lost.
Silver Action token:
Play this Action token on any empty Action spaces on your Player 
board.
Gold Action token:
Play this Action token on the Divine Power space at the top of 
the pyramid : resolve 1 Golden Action from a Power tile you own.
3 - GAMEPLAY
3.3 Day Phase


=== PAGE 8 ===
8
All of the actions available on the Player boards are covered in the 
following section.
Add 1 or more Levels to 1 of your Pyramids: spend as many PP as 
the value of each consecutive Level you want to add.
If you add the Level 1 of the Pyramid in your Supply,  choose a color 
you do not already own,  place it in your District without a Pyramid 
and place the Acquire token of that color in the empty Acquire 
space on your Player board.
Adding more than one Level asks you to sum up the costs,  it is a 
single effect.
5
3
(2     + 3    )
=
= =
Level 1
Level 3Level 2
Level 3 Level 2 + Level 3
Pyramid effects
The player controlling a District containing a Pyramid benefits form 
the following effects:
• they may acquire Power tiles that match its color and are of the 
same or lower Level,
• if this is a Level 4 Pyramid,  they take the Pyramid FP corresponding 
to this Pyramid,
• during their Move actions,  they may spend 2 PP to teleport their 
Troop from that District to any zone containing an Obelisk.
Spend X PP to add X Units: take these Units from your Supply 
and place them in 1,  2, or 3 Districts in your City,  even if they are 
controlled by opponents.
If you add Unis into one of your Districts controlled by an 
opponent,  it triggers a Battle in which you are the attacker at the 
end of your Recruit action.
If you add Units into multiple Districts controlled by opponents,  
you choose in which order to resolve these Battles.
Note: When an opponent controls one of your Districts they 
benefit from all these effects,  not you.
To acquire an available Power tile,  you must fulfill each of the 
5 following conditions:
• you do not already own one with the same artwork (no matter 
its color),
• you control a Pyramid in that color and of at least the same 
Level than the targeted tile,
• you have an empty Acquire space,  in that color if possible,  else 
in another color or without any Acquire token,
• you are able to spend as many PP as its Level (some effects may 
modify that cost).
Place your Action token on the selected Acquire space,  spend the 
PP and place the Power tile in front of you so everyone can see 
it.  You own that Power tile for the remainder of the game,  and it 
cannot be lost.
+4+4
+4+4
+1+1
+1+1
orif=
 3
Level 3 Level 4
Power tile effects
Power tile effects become active once the Acquire action ends,  and 
they are active for the remainder of the game,  even if you do not 
control a Pyramid of their color anymore.  However,  some of them 
will only trigger during a specific Phase,  denoted on each Power 
tile (e.g.  Battle Powers,  Night Phase Powers).
If a player owns multiple Power tiles whose effects trigger at the 
same time,  they choose in which order they resolve those effects.
Companions: Creatures & Servants
Creatures and Servants are Companions.  When acquiring a Power 
tile with a Creature or a Servant,  you may place that Companion 
in one of your Districts containing one of your Troops.  Else,  the 
Companion stays in your Supply,  on its tile.
Afterward:
• Before playing an Action token,  you may:
 » exchange Companions of the same type from your Supply and/
or those in your Districts between them in any way you like,
 » place Companions from your Supply in Troops that are in 
your Districts.
• When you add Units in one of your Districts,  you may place a 
Companion of each type from your Supply with these Units.
A Companion is not a Unit but it must be tied to a Troop:
• a Creature does not count against the Troop limit,  but against 
the Creature limit which is 1 Creature per Troop.
• a Servant does not count against the Troop limit,  but against 
the Servant limit which is 1 Servant per Troop.
• In Battle,  only the Companions’  bonuses are added to the tied 
Troop (a Companion does not add +1 Strength as it is not a Unit).
• If a Companion is no longer tied to a Troop,  it goes back to their 
owner’s Supply.
Examples:Examples:
To add the Level 3 to a Level 2 Pyramid, spend 3 PP.
To add the Level 3 to a Level 1 Pyramid, spend 5 PP 
(2 PP to add the Level 2, and 3 PP more to add the Level 3).
3.4 Actions
3.4.1 Build
3.4.2 Recruit
3.4.3 Acquire


=== PAGE 9 ===
9
Gain 2 Prayer Points (PP).
Move 1 of your Troops.  This action is a combination of 1 Land 
move and 1 Teleportation:
• the number of Land moves is calculated at the beginning of 
the action and may be modified by effects at that moment 
only,
• there may be only 1 Teleportation per Move action,  but its 
cost may be reduced by effects.
During your Move actions:
• you may use Land move and Teleportation in any order and 
you may alternate them,
• you may move only a part of your Troop and leave some 
Units in the zones your Troop passes through,
• you may take Units and Companion you own that are in 
zones your moving Troop passes through,
• you may temporarily exceed the Troop limit,  the Creature 
limit,  and the Servant limit but these Limits are assessed at 
the end of the action in every zone,
• you may only play DI cards with a Move icon,
• any time your Troop enters a zone containing an opponent’s 
Troop it ends its Move action,  and a Battle is immediately 
triggered.
Note: The Move action has to be resolved in a manner to 
follow the Limits when the action ends,  which may reduce the 
move options.  No Unit nor Companion may be removed from 
the Kemet board to accommodate a move.
Teleportation
Spend 2 PP to teleport all or part of your Troop from a District 
with a Pyramid of at least Level 1 to a zone containing an Obelisk.
Note: When a player teleports a Troop,  it does not cost any 
Land move.
Land move
Spend 1 Land move to move your Troop to 1 directly adjacent 
zone or from its zone containing a Harbor,  to a zone containing a 
Harbor,  by complying with all the following restrictions:
• Your Troop may leave its zone through any kind of Harbor 
(Military or Trading),  but it may then enter a zone only 
through a Trading Harbor,  or through the Military Harbor of 
the Desert zone surrounding your City.
• During a single Move action,  your Troop may only enter 
into 1 District of an opponent’s City,  and only if it starts this 
action in a zone adjacent to the Wall to cross (that adjacency 
requirement may be canceled by an effect).
Note: Even if a Companion that adds Land moves is not 
moved with a part of the Troop,  its bonus is still applied as 
the number of Land moves is calculated at the beginning of 
the Move action.
Reminder: To control a Temple or an opponent’s Pyramid,  
you must have a Troop in the same zone.
If your Troop ever moves out of an opponent’s District 
with a Level 4 Pyramid,  leaving it empty after controlling 
it,  return the Pyramid FP to that player.  If your Troop 
ever moves out of a Temple zone,  leaving it empty after 
controlling it,  return the Temple FP into that zone.
Example:Example:
Claire wants to move her Troop from her City to the Temple on 
the Nile east bank from a distance of 3 zones.
B. Without a Teleportation, she may only do so using Land moves 
if her Troop is able to make 3 Land moves.
A way to do this is to have the Power tile “Priest of Mafdet” 
and the Creature “Deep Desert Snake” tied to this Troop, which 
would allow it to make 3 Land moves.
Gaining temporary FP when controlling
At the end of a Move action,  if you still own a Troop in a zone you 
did not control at the beginning of that action,  you take control of 
it.  If that zone contains a Temple or a Level 4 Pyramid,  you take the 
corresponding temporary FP wherever it is.  You will add this FP on 
the Score track at the end of your turn.
She has two solutions:
A. She may teleport her Troop by spending 2  PP to place her 
Troop directly in the Temple zone.
3.4.4 Pray
3.4.5 Move
=
(2    )
1
 1
=+


=== PAGE 10 ===
10
Each Battle card has a damage value (Damage and/or Unblockable 
Damage),  and/or a Shield value (Shield and/or Impenetrable 
Shield).  These values can be modified by DI cards,  Companions in 
this Battle,  and Power tiles.
Any damage produced by a Troop is inflicted to the opposing 
Troop.  However,  a damage value with a ‘-’ before it is inflicted to 
their own Troop (even if is has not enough Units).
1 . Starting with the Attacker,  each player in the Battle who played 
at least 1 Impenetrable Shield chooses as many Units from 
their Troop that will not be removed by any Damage nor any 
Unblockable Damage.
2 . Starting with the Attacker,  each player in the Battle loses as many 
Units from their Troop equal to the total Unblockable Damage 
value their Troop suffers.
3 . Starting with the Attacker,  each player in the Battle then loses as 
many Units from their Troop equal to the total Damage value 
their Troop suffers,  minus their own Shield value.
If the winner loses their Troop,  they are still considered to be the 
winner,  even if the loser still has a Troop in the zone where the 
Battle occurred.
1 . If the Attacker is the winner and they still have a Troop in the 
zone where the Battle occurred,  they gain 1 Battle FP .
2 . If the Defender is the winner,  they gain 1 Veteran token.
3 . Each player involved who did not gain any FP during this 
Rewards step gains 1 Veteran token (this means if the Defender 
is the winner,  they gain an additional Veteran token).
The loser chooses to retreat or to recall their Troop,  even if the 
winner no longer has a Troop remaining in the zone where the 
Battle occured.
Retreat
The winner chooses an empty adjacent zone where they move 
the losing Troop.  This is not a Move action and Harbors cannot 
be used.  They cannot choose a District that is not from the loser’s 
City.  If no zone is available,  the loser cannot retreat and must 
recall their Troop.
Recall
The loser returns all of their remaining Units in the zone to their 
supply to gain X-1 PP ,  where X is equal to the number of Units 
returned to their supply in this way.
The winner chooses if they wish to recall their Troop or have it 
stay in the zone where the Battle occurred.
Recall
The winner returns all of their remaining Units in the zone to their 
supply to gain X-1 PP ,  where X is equal to the number of Units 
returned to their supply in this way.
The Attacker is the player whose move triggers the Battle,  the 
other player is the Defender.
The Battle only involves these two players,  therefore no other 
player will be able to play DI cards during this Battle.
A Power tile with a DAY icon has no effect during a Battle.
When effects would resolve at the same time,  the Attacker’s effects 
are resolved first,  followed by those of the Defender.
Resolve all the following steps in order,  even if a player no longer 
has a Troop in the Battle.
The Attacker and the Defender each choose 2 Battle cards from 
their hand:
• the first Battle card is discarded face down and will never be 
revealed,
• the second Battle card will be played during the Battle and is 
kept in hand (it is not revealed for now).
The Attacker and the Defender may add DI cards with a BATTLE 
icon: each player chooses if they hide these DI cards under their 
in-hand Battle card,  or if they tell how many DI cards they play.  A 
player may not play DI cards with a cost they cannot pay (if that 
happens,  the card is discarded without effect).
This is the only time they may play DI cards during the Battle.  A 
player may tell their opponent they have played DI cards,  but 
need not be truthful.  Players also do not need to admit to playing 
DI cards,  even if asked.  Each player has the DI card “Diversion”: it 
has no effect, but may be played alone or among other DI cards 
to bluff the opponent.
The Attacker and the Defender simultaneously reveal their Battle 
card and DI cards,  and spend the required PP .
Sum up the Strength of each player:
• the number of Units they have in their Troop,  each Units 
giving 1 Strength,
• the Strength value of their played Battle card,
• the Strength bonus provided by their Power tiles,
• the Strength bonus provided by a Companion tied to their 
Troop,
• the Strength bonus provided by the DI cards they played,
• a +1 Strength bonus if the Battle occurs in a District in their 
City.
The player who has the most Strength is the winner.  In case of a 
tie,  the Defender is the winner.
3.5 Battle
3.5.7 Winner’s Aftermath
3.5.6 Loser’s Aftermath
3.5.1 War Council
3.5.2 Confrontation
+ + 22
1
3.5.3 Resolution
3.5.4 Casualties
3.5.5 Rewards


=== PAGE 11 ===
11
Resolve the following steps in order:
1.  Offering
The player that controls The Sanctuary may remove 2 Units from 
that Troop to gain 1 Divine FP .
2.  Delta Temple control
The player that controls the Delta Temple may remove 1 Unit 
from that Troop to gain 5 PP .
3.  Temple control
Each player that controls at least 2 Temples gains 1 Divine FP .
4.  Adoration
Each player gains the number of PP shown on the Temples they 
control (other than the Delta Temple).
This gain of PP is a single effect for each player.
5.  Prayers
Each player gains 2 PP and may discard X Veteran tokens to gain 
X PP .
This gain of PP is a single effect for each player.
6.  Divine Intervention 
In turn order,  each player draws 1 DI card and may discard Veteran 
tokens to draw 1 DI card per 2 Veteran tokens discarded this way.
7.  Conscription
In turn order,  each player may discard X Veteran tokens to add 
X Units in Districts in their own City and which are not controlled 
by opposing Troops.
8.  Awakening
Each player discards any remaining Veteran tokens they have and 
takes back their Action tokens,  placing them into their Supply.
Any Units exceeding the Troop limit for the Troops on the Kemet 
board are removed.
9.  Destiny
9.1. Move the Order markers below their current space on the 
Turn Order track.  
9.2. Starting with the player who has the fewest FP ,  then in 
ascending FP order,  each player chooses their position on 
the Turn Order track by placing their Order marker on an 
empty space.
In case of a tie,  the tied player whose Order marker was 
leftmost on the Order track during the previous Round 
chooses first and so on.
9.3.  Start a new Round with its Day Phase.
Each player discards the Battle card they played and resolved 
face up.  The Battle cards discarded during the War Council step 
are left face down and not revealed.  If a player has discarded all 
their Battle cards,  they immediately take all of their Battle cards 
back to their hand.
DI cards played in the Battle are discarded face up near the DI deck.
Any Unit exceeding the Troop limit is removed.
If the Defender still owns a Troop in the attacked zone,  they keep 
control of it.  If this is the Attacker,  they take control of that zone 
(see p.6)..
Example:Example:
Jacques moves his Troop to the zone of a Temple controlled by 
Guillaume’s Troop.
• Jacques is the Attacker with a Troop of 5 Units and has the 
following Powers:
 » Charge! (+1 Strength when attacking),
 » Blades of Neith (+1 Strength in Battle).
He has 7 Strength (5+1+1).
• Guillaume is the Defender with a Troop of 4 Units and a tied 
Creature:
 » Ancestral Elephant (+1 Strength to its tied Troop).
He has 5 Strength (4+1).
Both players secretly choose 2 Battle cards: the first Battle card 
is discarded face down and the other is kept in hand to be played 
in the Battle.
• Jacques keeps his Battle card: 3 Strength, and 2 Damage. He 
tells he plays 1 DI card he chooses to place face down on the 
table.
• Guillaume keeps his Battle card: 2 Strength, and 2 Shield. He 
adds 2 DI cards which he chooses to hide under his Battle card: 
Bronze Wall, and War Fury.
Both players simultaneously show their cards and declare their 
total Strength value:
• Jacques’ Strength: 10 (7+3 from his Battle card), his DI card 
was a Diversion card with no effect so he takes it back,
• Guillaume’s Strength: 9 (5+2 from his Battle card +2 from his 
DI card, for which he has to spend 1 PP).
Jacques is the winner.
Casualties:
• Jacques inflicts 2  Damage to Guillaume’s Troop, which has 
4 Shield (his Combat card + Ancestral Elephant + Bronze Wall 
DI card).
• Guillaume does not lose any Units nor does he inflict any 
Damage.
• As Jacques is the winner and still has a Troop in the zone being 
the attacker, he gains 1 Battle FP.
• Guillaume gains 1 Veteran token as he is the loser.
• Guillaume chooses to recall his Troop: he recalls 4 Units, gains 
3 PP and puts his Creature back in his supply.
• Jacques could also recall his Troop, but he prefers to keep it in 
the zone where the Battle occurred to control the Temple and 
takes the corresponding Temple FP (and would place it on his 
Score track at the end of his trun).
• Played cards are put in their respective discard piles.
3.5.8 Battle Ending
+ + 22
1
 3.6 Night Phase


=== PAGE 12 ===
12
4 - TEAM MODE
Members of a same team are called Teammates.
The Troops of Teammates never battle against each other.  Only 
Troops belonging to another team are considered to be opposing 
Troops.
Teammates are allowed to discuss about strategy and plan,  both 
openly and in secret.  Teammates may secretly show each other DI 
cards and Battle cards.
The FP of each team are summed up on the Score board.
The PP and Veteran tokens gained may be distributed among 
Teammates how the team sees fit,  regardless as to which Teammate 
gained them and when.
Each player remains the only owner of their City; as such,  
Teammates of a player may not use that City as if it was theirs.
Mixed Troops
The Teammates may mix their Units to create Mixed Troops.  A 
Troop is mixed if it contains Units belonging at least to 2 different 
Teammates.
Mixed Troops follow specific rules for Recruit action,  Move action,  
and Battle (see sections about corresponding actions).
A Mixed Troop may contain 5 Units at most,  this is the Mixed 
Troop Limit.  Unlike normal Troops,  no effect (Power tiles,  DI 
cards) may make it exceed 5 Units.
Active Teammate and Power tiles
The Power tiles applied during a Phase or a Battle are only those 
acquired by the active Teammate.
• During both the Day Phase and Battle Phase,  the active 
Teammate is the player currently playing their turn.
• While defending,  the active Teammate is the one whose Troop 
is attacked,  in case of a Mixed Troop,  the active Teammate may 
be chosen by the defending team who has at least 1 Unit in the 
Mixed Troop being attacked.
Exception: The Companion tile tied to a Troop is always applied,  
whoever owns that tile.
The Team Mode allows to play:
• a 4-player game,  2 vs 2,
• a 6-player game,  2 vs 2 vs 2,
• a 6-player game,  3 vs 3.
The Teams mode follows all of the rules of the Classic Mode; the 
only exceptions are noted in the following sections.  The rules do 
not change based on the player/team count.
Each player gets 1 DI card ”Assemble!” .
Example:Example:
3 teams of 2 players confront:
• team 1: yellow and blue Teammates
• team 2: red and green Teammates
• team 3: violet and black Teammates
The first Order markers chosen by each team are yellow, green, 
and black. They are randomly placed on the Order track in the 
following order: black, green, then yellow. The 3  remaining 
Order markers (blue, red, and violet) are placed following the 
first ones 3 on the Order track in the following order: violet, 
red, then blue.
Turn order will be: black, green, yellow, violet, red, then blue.
Looking at the teams, the order will be: team 3, team 2, team 1, 
team 3, team 2, then team 1.
Setup is the same as Classic Mode,  except step 2.3 where points 1 
and 2 are modified this way:
1.  Start of game Turn order 
Players create random teams or choose their Teammates.
Each team chooses 1 of their Order markers.  The chosen markers 
are randomly placed from left to right on the Order track.  Then,  
take the remaining Order markers and place them following the 
first markers keeping the same team order.
This way,  the order of the teams will remain the same from one 
Teammate to another and there will never be two Teammates 
from the same team who would play consecutively.
Note: Teammates may consult anytime during setup.
2.  Troop placement
Each player chooses 2 Districts from their City and distributes 
4 of their Units and 1 Unit from their Teammate in each,  they 
then place their 2 remaining Units in their Supply.  If the team is 
made of 3 Teammates,  each player distributes 4 of their Units and 
1 Unit from one of their Teammate in a District,  4 of their Units 
and 1 Unit from one of their other Teammate in another District.
As soon as a team has at least 12 FP (temporary FP and permanent 
FP of the team summed up) at the start of the turn of one of the 
Teammates,  before playing an Action token,  and no other team 
owns more FP than them,  the game immediately ends and this 
team is the winner of the game.
Team Mode concepts
Game End
Setup


=== PAGE 13 ===
13
4 - TEAM MODE
Spend X PP to add X Units: take these Units from your Supply 
and place them in 1,  2, or 3 Districts in your City,  even if they are 
controlled by opponents.  You may complete a Troop containing 
Units from a Teammate,  still observing the Troop Limit of 5 Units 
per Troop.
If you add Unis into one of your Districts controlled by an 
opponent,  it triggers a Battle in which you are the attacker at the 
end of your Recruit action.
If you add Units into multiple Districts controlled by opponents,  
you choose in which order to resolve these Battles.
Note: You can only add Units to you own City.  Even if you 
control an opposing team’s District or a Teammate’s District,  
you cannot add Units to it.
Only the following actions are different from Classic Mode.
This action functions identically to Acquire in Classic Mode.
One clarification: A player that has at least 1 Unit in the Troop 
that occupies a District containing an opposing Pyramid or one 
belonging to a Teammate  is considered to be controlling that 
Pyramid.
This action functions identically to Move in Classic Mode,  with the 
following exceptions:
• During their Move action,  a Teammate may pass through a zone 
containing Units belonging to a Teammate even if this causes 
them to temporarily exceed Troop Limit,  Creature Limit and 
Servant Limit per zone; these Limits are assessed at the end of 
the action.
• Walls of Teammates’  Cities are ignored when moving 
Teammates’  Troops.
• A Mixed Troop may be moved by any Teammate that has at 
least 1 Unit in it and as long as that Unit stays in the Troop from 
the beginning to the end of the action.
• A Teammate may take and/or leave Teammates’  Units or their 
own Units in zones they pass through during that action.
• During the Day Phase,  a Mixed Troop only benefits from Power 
tiles owned by the active player (exception: Companion Power 
tiles).
• If a Mixed Troop occupies a District containing a Pyramid,  this 
one is considered to be controlled by each of the Teammates 
that have at least 1 Unit in their Mixed Troop.  In any case,  a 
Level 4 Pyramid gives only 1 FP to the team that controls it.
A Teammate may never attack Troops belonging to their 
Teammates.
• The Attacker is the active player whose move triggers the Battle.
• The Defender is the active Teammate whose Troop is attacked,  
or in case of a Mixed Troop,  the active Teammate can be chosen 
by the defending team for any Teammate who has at least 
1 Unit in the Mixed Troop being attacked.
Only active players can play DI cards during the Battle,  and only 
the Power tiles these players own will affect the Battle (Exception: 
Companion Power tiles are always active when the Companion is 
in Battle).
A Power tile with a DAY icon has no effect during a Battle.
When effects would resolve at the same time,  the Attacker’s effects 
are resolved first,  followed by those of the Defender.  Resolve the 
Classic Mode steps in order,  even if a player no longer has a Troop 
in the Battle.
Clarifications
Teammates choose which Units are removed from their Troop 
involved in the Battle.
Veteran tokens may be freely distributed among Teammates 
when they are received.  This way,  a Teammate may get a Veteran 
token even if they did not participated to the Battle.
The Night Phase is the same as Classic Mode,  except step 9 
that becomes:
9.  Destiny
9.1. Move the Order markers below their current space on the 
Turn Order track.  
9.2. The team that has the least FP chooses 1 of their Order 
markers and place it in 1 st, 2nd or 3rd position on the Order 
track (3-team games) / in 1st or 2nd position on the Order track 
(2-team games).  In order of ascending FP ,  each other team 
does the same by choosing 1 of the empty spaces on the 
Order track.
In case of a tie,  the tied team whose player was leftmost on 
the Order track during the previous Round chooses first,  and 
so on.
9.3. Following the same order,  each team places their second 
Order marker.  In the case of a game with 3 player teams,  
this will be done one last time,  until all Order markers have 
been placed.
9.4. Start a new Round with its Day Phase.
Example:Example:
A red/blue Mixed Troop contains the Mummy. The Mummy 
belong to the Blue player. The Move and Battle bonuses will 
apply even if the Red player moves that Troop. However, the 
DI card gained during Night Phase only applies to the Blue 
player.
Recruit
Acquire
Move
Day Phase
 Battle
Night Phase


=== PAGE 14 ===
14
5 - SOLO MODE
The goal of the Solo Mode is to fight against Amon,  your virtual 
opponent,  to complete the objective you choose at the start of the 
game in a number of Rounds.
BEWARE! If,  at any moment,  the player has no more Units on the 
Kemet board,  they immediately lose the game.
The Solo Mode cannot be played with the Gods of Egypt module.
Follow the Setup for 2 players with the following changes:
Place the two pyramids that are chosen for this game,  one above 
the other and to not move them during the game (see the Plunder 
cards effect).  Shuffle the Power tiles from each Level with each 
other to have them placed at random in their level line.
Choose a color for Amon.
Step 2.2 is modified as follows:
Resolve Amon’s setup before the player’s,  following these steps:
1 . Choose (or pick at random) 1 Objective card and place it near 
the Amon board.
2 . Place Amon’s Prayer marker on the number corresponding to 
number of Rounds shown on the Objective card.
3 . Place Amon’s Order marker near the Amon board.
4 . Place 1 Action token below the ‘0’  of each column of the War 
Table on the Amon board.
5 . Create the Events deck: draw 2 Disaster cards without looking 
at them and add as many Event cards as shown on the chosen 
Objective card.  Shuffle all these cards and place them face 
down on the dedicated space on the Amon board.
1
2
3
4
5
6
8 . Amon takes the City in the north,  place 2 Level 4 Pyramids 
corresponding to the 2 selected colors during step 2.1.
9 . Place 5 Units in each of Amon’s District that contain a Pyramid.
10. Resolve the effects of Plunder cards until Amon gets 1 Creature 
for each of his Troops.  Place the first Creature on the Troop A 
space on the Amon board,  and the second one on the Troop B 
space.
The Power tiles specified by the Plunder cards that are not 
Creatures are not removed from the game during this step.
9
10
Example:Example:
For an Objective showing 8 Rounds,  the deck will contain 
2 Disaster cards and 6 Event cards
6 . Create the Actions deck: Pick the 9 Action cards,  shuffle them 
and place them face down on the dedicated space on the 
Amon board.
7 . Create the Plunder deck: Pick the 8 Plunder cards,  shuffle them,  
and place them face down near the Amon board.
7
8
Additional components:
• 1 Amon board (virtual player)
• 5 Objective cards
• 10 Event cards
• 5 Disaster cards
• 9 Action cards
• 8 Plunder cards
Solo Mode concepts
Setup
Plunders 
deck
1
8 11
Battles 
deck
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
Amon 
T roop A
Disaster 
cards
Events 
discard pile
4
10

=== PAGE 15 ===
15
5 - SOLO MODE
Note: Amon has 2 Troops,  A and B,  containing 5 Units,  each 
tied to Creature A and B respectively.
11. Shuffle Amon’s Battle cards and place them face down near 
the Amon board.
At step 2.3.3 the player plac es their 2 Pyramids in the southern 
City in the Districts shown below (to have east and west clearly 
differentiated).
At step 2.3.4,  Amon does not acquire a Level 1 Power tile.
11
12
During each Round,  Day Phase is replaced by the following 
sequence,  shown on the Amon board:
• Player Action tokens 1,  2,  and 3.
• Draw 1 card from the Events deck.
• Player Action tokens 4 and 5.
• Draw 1 card from the Actions deck.
As in the base game,  the player will be able to use gold or silver 
Action tokens acquired during the game and will have to follow 
the Equilibrium rule.
Amon’s Troops may contain up to 6 Units at any time during the 
game.
The War Table lists Amon’s stats.
Shown values are the lowest and highest results that may be 
obtained and that apply to either Amon’s Troops,  separate from 
bonuses given by a tied Creature or Servant.
When a card modifies a stat beyond 5 or below 2,  that modification 
is ignored.
Amon’s Troop Limit
The War Table
Resolving an Event card
Day Phase
Each Round,  after playing their 3 rd Action token,  the player will 
draw a card from the Events deck.
• If this is an Event,  they apply its effects.
Effects written in black are immediately resolved.  Effects written 
in red are ongoing until the card is covered by another Event card.
Example:Example:
The card “Thirsty for revenge”  tells Amon gains +2 Strength and 
+2 Damage.  These Battle bonuses are ongoing until another 
Event card covers it.  However,  
the effect «The player discards 2 DI cards» 
is applied only once when the card is revealed.
• If this is a Disaster,  place that card next to the Amon board,  
its effect cumulates with any Event already in play and any 
other Disasters already drawn.  By default,  its effects apply 
until the end of game.  A Disaster card does not replace an 
Event card already in play,  this card stays active during this 
Round.
Hint: Remember to update the columns in the War table,  
when a card enter into play and/or a card is discarded.
9
12 12
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
Objective card for 
the game
War 
Table
Actions 
discard pile
OBJECTIVE
Number of Rounds: 7
Number of Event cards: 5
Victory conditions:
• You own 5 Permanents FP
• In Night Phase,  you control 2 Temples.
Special rules:
• None.
OB0 1
Amon 
T roop A
Amon 
T roop B
2
3
5
6 7
10 10
Round 
track
THIRST FOR REVENGETHIRST FOR REVENGE
Amon Troops gain:
+2 
+2 
Choose and discard 2 DI cards from your 
hand.
EV0 1

=== PAGE 16 ===
16
Each Round,  after playing their son 5th Action,  the player will draw 
a card from the Actions deck,  resolve it,  and then discard it.
Clarifications about Action cards effects:
• Amon’s Move Action:
Moving one of Amon’s Troop refers to a Land move towards its 
target,  always taking the shortest path.  This move will never use 
Ports,  except the Military Port to leave the Delta Desert zone.
The target determines the direction of the movement 
undertaken by Amon’s troops (highest pyramid,  troop with 
fewest units...),  which is indicated by some Action cards.
Amon’s Troops do not take into account Walls of the Player’s 
City.
Amon’s Troops benefit from movement bonuses given by the 
tied Creature,  effects from active Event cards,  and active Disaster 
cards.
If the target of Amon’s Troop needs it to move into the Delta,  it 
will be able to teleport through a Pyramid,  without paying the 
cost.
If the target of Amon’s Troop needs it to spend a cost to enter in 
its zone,  Amon enters that zone and ignores that cost.
If Amon’s Troop enters a zone occupied by its target or another 
opposing Troop,  immediately resolve that Battle (see below).
To select Amon’s Troop target,  check if the 1st condition on the 
Action card is fulfilled.  If this is not the case,  check the next 
condition.
If Amon’s Troop crosses a zone occupied 
by Amon’s other Troop and it has enough 
Movement points to move to the next zone 
towards its target,  it continues its movement,  
else it stops in the last empty crossed zone.
If any Objective card contradicts the regular rules,  the Objective 
card takes precedence.
Unless otherwise stated,  the victory condition can be completed 
before the number of Rounds has been reached (Objective 4 is an 
exception).
All victory conditions must be fulfilled simultaneously for victory 
to be achieved.  Any condition based on having a certain amount of 
a specific condition should be viewed as a minimum (e.g.  “Control 
2 Temples”  would still be satisfied if you controlled 3 Temples).
If you do not fulfill the victory condition by the end of the final 
Round,  you lose the game.
When an Event card or an Action card asks you to apply the effect 
of a Plunder card,  draw the cards from the top of the Plunders deck 
and place it below the Tile boards.
For the color on top of the card,  look at the Pyramid Level shown 
below the top pyramid,  then remove from the game the Power 
tile corresponding to the crossed one.  If that Power tile is not on 
the Tile board,  remove the tile from the lower Level in the same 
column.  Continue doing so if necessary until a Power tile has been 
removed from the game.
Proceed the same way for the pyramid color on the lower part.
If no tile may be removed,  draw a new Plunder card and resolve 
the part you weren’t able to resolve.
When the Plunders deck is empty,  shuffle the discard pile to create 
a new one.
Example:Example:
Action card “Surge”  tells:
Amon’s Troop A moves in the following priority order towards:
• the Pyramid of highest Level,
• the occupied Pyramid,
• the western most Pyramid.
First check if the player has a Pyramid of a higher Level.  If this 
is the case,  Amon’s Troop A will move towards that Pyramid.  In 
the case where the two Pyramids are of the same Level,  check the 
next condition: “the occupied Pyramid” ,  and so on.
Note: When a card points a cardinal direction (east/west),  
north should be considered the top of the board,  the board 
edge closest to the Delta zone..
• Amon’s Recruit Action:
When Amon adds Units,  he adds as many Units as possible to 
his Troops from his Supply,  respecting his troop limit.  If he does 
not have enough Units,  he spreads them as equally as possible 
among both Troops,  with Troop A getting the extra Unit in the 
case of a tie
Example:Example:
Objective – You control 2 Temples in 
Night Phase but you have lost 1 FP after 
an action of Amon.  You will have to gain 
at least 1 additional FP and keep control 
over the 2 Temples to win the game 
during the next Rounds.
Resolving an Action card
 Applying the Plunder effect
Objective cards clarifications
Example:Example:
This Plunder card asks to remove from 
the game the 1 st Level 4 Power tile for 
the left side pyramid.  If it is not possible,  
the 1st Level 3 tile,  and so on.
P08
PLUNDERPLUNDER
OBJECTIVE
Number of Rounds: 7
Number of Event cards: 5
Victory conditions:
• You own 5 Permanents FP
• In Night Phase,  you control 2 Temples.
Special rules:
• None.
OB0 1
SURGESURGE
Amon Troop A moves in this priority order,  
towards:
• your Pyramid with the highest value,
• your Pyramid occupied by one of your 
Troops,
• your western most Pyramid.
Amon Troop B moves in this priority order,  
towards:
• your Troop containing the least Units,
• your Troop nearest from Amon Troop B,
• the Temple that gives the most PP .
AC 01

=== PAGE 17 ===
17
Then,  he moves the Sequence token on the “Event card”  space on 
the Amon board.  He draws the top card from the Events deck and 
applies its effects.
It is the event “Bloody skirmish”  (Both Amon’s 
Troops gain +1 Strength,+1 Damage,+1 Land 
move) Jacques updates the columns on the 
Amon board.
Jacques moves the Sequence token on the “Action 4”  space and 
decides to place his Action token on the Move action on his Player 
board.  He moves his Troop containing 5 Units and the Griffin 
sphinx in the zone of the Temple where stands Amon’s Troop A.
Jacques’  Troop has a Strength of 8 (5 Units +2 Strength from 
the Griffin sphinx +1 Strength from Bestial Fury) and inflicts 
+1 Damage (thanks to Bestial Fury).
Amon has a Strength of 7 (5 Units +1 Strength from Ancestral 
Elephant +1 Strength with the event “Bloody skirmish”).  He also 
gets +1 Shield (Ancestral Elephant) and +1 Damage (Bloody 
skirmish).
Jacques chooses his card 
“4 Strength/1 Damage”  (and discards his 
card “2 Strength/2 Damages/1 Shield”) and 
adds 1 DI card giving him +1 Shield.
He then picks Amon’s Battle cards and 
shuffles them.  He reveals the Battle card 
1 Strength/3 Damage and resolves the Battle.
Jacques has a total of 12 Strength,  inflicts 1 Damage and has 
1 Shield.  Amon has 8 Strength,  inflicts 4 Damage and has 1 Shield 
After inflicting all Damage,  there is 1 Unit in 
Jacques’  Troop,  and he is the winner of the Battle.
He makes the Troop A retreat,  gains1 FP (he 
takes it as he is playing Scenario 1) but recalls his 
Troop,  an easy prey for Amon’s Troops.
Jacques moves the Sequence token on the “Action 5”  space and 
places his Action token on the Pray action on his Player board 
to gain 2 PP .
Finally,  moves the Sequence token on the “Action card”  on the 
Amon board.
Jacques draws the card from the top of the 
Actions deck and resolves it.  It is the card 
“Reinforcements 1”  : 1 Unit is added to each 
Amon’s Troop (his Troop Limit is 6) and Jacques 
loses 2 Units in the last Troop he has.  The next 
Round will be difficult…
Amon has no Night Phase (unless an Event card says otherwise).  
The player resolves the Night Phase as normal.  No Turn order 
is determined; instead,  move 1 space to the left Amon’s Prayer 
marker on the Round track: if the Prayer marker leaves space 1,  
you lose the game,  else start a new Round.
Amon does not resolve step 3.5.1.
During step 3.5.2,  the player reveals their played Battle card and 
DI cards.  Then,  they pick all Amon’s Battle cards (even those 
previously played),  shuffle them face down and reveal 1 at random.
Resolve Step 3.5.3 normally.
Step 3.5.6 which is modified as follows:
Step 3.5.6: If Amon has 3 Units or less in his Troop,  he recall 
these remaining Units and immediately places a Troop made of 
5 Units with the Creature obtained during Setup in one of his 
empty Districts that contains a Pyramid.  If the 2 Districts are 
occupied with the player’s Troops that Amon’s Troop is placed 
in the District containing the weakest player’s Troop; if these 
Troops contain the same number of Units,  choose the District 
at random and immediately resolve that Battle.  If Amon has at 
least 4 Units,  he retreats,  the player chooses in which zone.
All remaining Battle steps function normally.
Strength of Amon’s Troop: sum up of the Strength value shown on 
the War Table,  the number of Units in that Troop and the Strength 
given by any tied Creature.
Shield of Amon’s Troop: sum up of the Shield value shown on the 
War Table and the Shield given by any tied Creature.
Damage of Amon’s Troop: sum up of the Strength value shown on 
the War Table and the Damage given by any tied Creature.
Creature effects: Amon ignores effects that need a decision and 
those that draw DI cards.
Veteran tokens: Amon gains no Veteran tokens.
Battle
Night Phase
Solo mode example:Solo mode example:
Jacques starts the 2nd Round with 9 PP .
The available pyramid colors are Onyx and Sapphire.
Amon got the Ancestral Elephant (Troop A) and Amout the Soul 
Devourer (Troop B) during Setup.  Amon’s Troop A is in the zone 
of the westmost Temple,  and Troop B in the Desert zone next to 
that Temple.
Jacques moves the Sequence token on the “Action 1”  space of the 
track on the Amon board to resolve his 1 st action.  He decides to 
spend 4 PP to Build a Level and upgrade his Onyx Pyramid to 
Level 4 by placing his Action token on the Build space on his 
Player board.
He moves the Sequence token on the “Action 2”  space and 
acquires the Power tile “Bestial Fury”  by spending 4 PP .
He resolves his 3rd action which will be Pray.  He gains 2 PP .
BLOODY SKIRMISHBLOODY SKIRMISH
Amon Troops gain:
+1 
+1 
+1
EV08
OBJECTIVE
Number of Rounds: 7
Number of Event cards: 5
Victory conditions:
• You own 5 Permanents FP
• In Night Phase,  you control 2 Temples.
Special rules:
• None.
OB0 1
AC05
Add up to 2 Units 
in each Amon Troop (up to his Troop Limit).
Destroy 1 Unit in each of your Troops.
LIGHT REINFORCEMENTSLIGHT REINFORCEMENTS


=== PAGE 18 ===
18
6 - MODULE: GODS OF EGYPT
The Gods of Egypt module introduces powerful asymmetry to the 
game.  Each player chooses a God to embody,  receiving a unique 
miniature and a tile detailing their special abilities.  Each God 
offers distinct advantages (see next page) once their God tile has 
been acquired.
Follow the rules of your chosen game mode,  with the specific 
exceptions outlined in the following sections.
This module works with both Classic Mode and Team Mode.
Setup follows your chosen game mode you chose,  replace point 1 
of step 2.2 with the following:
1 . Each player chooses a God and a City on the Kemet board.  They 
place the Statue token in the color of their God in a City from 
the Kemet board.  That City will be the one for their faction 
throughout the game.  They take the corresponding God tile 
they place face down in front of them,  they place the miniature 
on it,  and they take a Life Point marker.
Place the Rise marker on the Score track below the 4 th column 
(7th column in Team Mode)..
• Life Points: Each God has a number of Life Points (LP) shown 
on its God tile,  depicted by 
 .
• Troop status: A God acts as a troop with its Strength is listed on 
its god tile,
• Unit limitations: A God is not considered a Unit,  nor a Companion.
• Alone on the Battlefield: Gods cannot have Unit and/or 
Companions tied to them.
Life Points of Gods
• Losing LP: Any effect that would remove 1 Unit from a Troop 
that targets a God instead removes 1 LP from it (this includes 
the Temple of the Delta,  Battle losses,  DI cards,  etc.).
• Tracking LP loss: For each LP lost,  move your LP marker 1 space 
to the left on your God tile.
• Consequences of LP loss: Each LP lost by a God counts as 1 lost 
Unit for the purpose of triggered effects.
• Defeat: If a God reaches 0 LP it is placed back on its God tile and 
will be available to recruit.
Note: The Divinities from the “Book of the Dead”   
expansion are not Gods.
Add the following option to the Acquire action
To acquire your God tile,  the 4 following conditions must be 
fulfilled:
• at least 1 player has earned at least 4 FP during the game (or 
7 FP in Team Mode),  this condition remains satisfied even if 
players later lose FP
• your City has at leasts 1 Level 4 Pyramid (regardless of who 
controls it),
• an Acquire space matching the color of at least 1 of the Level 4 
Pyramids in your City is empty,
• you have at least 4 PP .
How to acquire
• Place Action token: Place your Action token on the empty 
Acquire space corresponding to 1 of the Level 4 Pyramids in 
your City.
• Pay the cost: Spend 4 PP .  This cost cannot be modified.
• Activate your God:  Flip your God tile face up.  Immediately 
place your God miniature in one of your Districts that does not 
contain Units from you or your Teammates.
• Place LP marker: Place its LP marker on the highest LP value 
on its God tile.
• Potential Battle:  If you place your God miniature in an 
opponent-controlled District,  this triggers a Battle where you 
are the attacker.  This Battle resolves at the end of your Recruit 
action
Add the following option to the Recruit action
• Deploy your God:  You may place your God from your Supply 
for free onto one of your Districts.  This District cannot Units 
from you or your Teammates.  Place its LP marker on the highest 
LP value on its God tile.
• Potential Battle:  If you place your God miniature in an 
opponent-controlled District,  this triggers a Battle where you 
are the attacker.  This Battle resolves at the end of your Recruit 
action.
Battles follow the rules of your chosen game mode,  except the fact 
that a God cannot be recalled:
• During the Loser’s Aftermath step,  a God must retreat if possible.  
Else,  the God returns to its owner’s Supply.  This is not considered 
as a Recall.
• During the Winner’s Aftermath step,  a God may only stay in the 
Battle zone,  It cannot use Recall.
Additional components:
• 6 God tiles
• 6 God miniatures
• 6 Life Point markers (LP)
• 1 Rise marker
• 1 Special Battle card for Sobek
Rise 
token
Acquire
Recruit
Module’s concepts
Setup
The Gods
Day Phase
Battle


=== PAGE 19 ===
19
Actions
There are 5 different actions : Build,  Recruit,  Acquire,  Pray,  Move.
Power tiles
Power tiles are divided into families corresponding to the different 
Pyramid colors.  Each family is split into 4 Levels,  with 4 tiles from 
each Level,  meaning 16 Power tiles within each family).
Prayer Points (PP) and Prayer track
The Prayer Point icon is an ankh 
 ,  it is the central resource of the 
game you spend to trigger different effects.
For each PP you gain,  move your Prayer token 1 space to the right 
on your Prayer track.
For each PP you spend,  move your Prayer token 1 space to the left 
on your Prayer track.
You may never have more than 11 PP ,  or less than 0 PP .
Controlling a zone
A player controls a zone other than a District in their City as 
long as they have a Troop in it.  A player controls a District of 
their City as long as there is no opposing Troop in it.  Immediately 
when a player has no more Troop in a Temple or an opponent’s 
District with a Level 4 Pyramid,  they give back the corresponding 
Temporary FP depending on the situation.
Controlling an opposing Pyramid
A player whose Troop occupies an opposing District with a 
Pyramid controls that Pyramid.
In Team Mode:
• If a Mixed Troop occupies a District containing a Pyramid,  this 
one is considered to be controlled by each of the Teammates 
that have at least 1 Unit in their Mixed Troop.  In any case,  a 
Level 4 Pyramid gives only 1 FP to the team that controls it.
• A player that has at least 1 Unit in the Troop that occupies a 
District containing an opposing Pyramid or one belonging 
to a Teammate is considered to be controlling that Pyramid.
Empty zone
A zone is empty if no Troop is in it,  allowing that zone to receive a 
Troop without triggering a Battle.
Units and Troops
All the Units belonging to a player in a zone form a Troop.  A Troop 
can contain 5 Units at most: this is known as the Troop limit.  A 
Companion tied to a Troop does not count towards that limit.
When a player adds 1 Unit,  they take 1 Unit from their supply and 
place it on the Kemet board; the effect states any restrictions.
When Units are removed from the Kemet board,  for any reason,  
they go back to their owner’s Supply.
Important! During an action,  a Troop may temporarily exceed 
the Troop limit,  the Creature limit,  and the Servant limit,  provided 
these limits are assessed at the end of that action in every zone.
Compagnon
Any Creature or Servant tied to a Troop.
7- GLOSSARY
Cards
Hand size is unlimited,  and the number of each kind of card a 
player has in their hand is public knowledge,  but the cards 
themselves are kept secret.
Revealed Battle card discard piles and DI cards discard pile are 
public to all players.
Whenever the DI deck is empty,  shuffle the DI discard pile to 
create a new DI deck.
To play a DI card,  pay its cost in PP during the Phase corresponding 
to its icon (see Player Aid),  resolve its effect,  then discard it face up 
in the DI cards discard pile.

=== PAGE 20 ===
Designer : 
JAcques  b Ariot  And  Guill Aume  m ontiAGe
Illustrations :
Pierre  s Ant AmAriA ,  e mile  d enis  And  m ehdi  b oukhezzer
Sculptures :
f r Ancesco  o rrù  And  ArJ k Abol As
Graphic design: 
Anthony  q uestel  And  l Aur A ArrescurrenAGA
Special thanks:
It’s been 12 years since the first edition of Kemet was released (2012).  Yet,  we’re pleased to see there is still as much 
enthusiasm for this project as before.
This new chapter in our favorite gods’  adventures is a new occasion to thank our dear testers Claire,  Stella,  Etienne,  
Pierre,  Fred and Ian.  Their precious feedback helped us in refining all details of the gameplay.
We’d also like to use this occasion to pay a new tribute to the team at Matagot for their involvement in this project:
Laura,  Anthony,  Auguste,  Raphaël “Pikaraph”  and Zongxiu.
Special thanks to Arnaud for his unwavering trust and wonderful suggestions.
Finally,  we’d also like to thank all the players who made it possible for Kemet Blood & Sand to live on with such 
passion.
Hoping to see you soon around sandy and blood-stained gaming tables…
Guillaume and Jacques
KBS-Base_EN_rev51_2024-06-12
1 - COMPONENTS ................................p.2
1.1 The Kemet board................................... p.2
1.2 Player boards ........................................p.3
1.3 Power tiles ............................................p.3
1.4 Divine Intervention cards .......................p.3
1.5 Battle cards ...........................................p.3
1.6 Pyramid Levels ...................................... p.3
2 - SETUP ............................................... p.4
2.1 Common setup ......................................p.4
2.2 Individual setup .................................... p.5
2.3 Before starting to play ........................... p.5
3 - GAMEPLAY ...................................... p.6
3.1 - Introduction ........................................p.6
3.2 - Game end ........................................... p.6
3.3 - Day Phase .......................................... p.7
3.4 - Actions ............................................... p.8
3.5 - Battle ............................................... p.10
3.6 - Night Phase ...................................... p.11
4 - TEAM MODE ................................. p.12
5 - SOLO MODE .................................. p.14
6 - MODULE: GODS OF EGYPT ....... p.18
7 - GLOSSARY ......................................p.19
CREDITS
TABLE OF CONTENTS